Section 1. Complete This Section If Filing For An Individual Petition (continued)
10. Describe the percentage of stock ownership and managerial control of each company that has a qualifying relationship. Provide
the Federal Employer Identification Number for each U.S. company that has a qualifying relationship.
Percentage of company stock ownership and managerial control of each company Federal Employer Identification
that has a qualifying relationship. Number for each U.S. company
that has a qualifying relationship
11. Do the companies currently have the same qualifying relationship as they did during the one-year period of the beneficiary's
employment with the company abroad?
Yes No. If no, provide an explanation in Part 9. of Form I-129 that the U.S. company has and will have a qualifying
relationship with another foreign entity during the full period of the requested period of stay.
12. Is the beneficiary coming to the United States to open a new office?
Yes No (attach explanation)
If you are seeking L-1B specialized knowledge status for an individual, answer the following question:
13.a. Will the beneficiary be stationed primarily offsite (at the worksite of an employer other than the petitioner or its affiliate,
subsidiary, or parent)?
Yes No
13.b. If you answered yes to the preceding question, describe how and by whom the beneficiary's work will be controlled and
supervised. Include a description of the amount of time each supervisor is expected to control and supervise the work. If you
need additional space to respond to this question, proceed to Part 9. of the Form I-129, and type or print your explanation.
13.c. If you answered yes to the preceding question, describe the reasons why placement at another worksite outside the petitioner,
subsidiary, affiliate, or parent is needed. Include a description of how the beneficiary's duties at another worksite relate to the
need for the specialized knowledge he or she possesses. If you need additional space to respond to this question, proceed to
Part 9. of the Form I-129, and type or print your explanation.
Form I-129 Edition 01/17/25 Page 26 of 38