Section 2. Fee Exemption and/or Determination (continued)
3. Are you a nonprofit research organization or a governmental research organization, as defined in
Yes No
8 CFR 214.2(h)(19)(iii)(C)?
4. Is this the second or subsequent request for an extension of stay that this petitioner has filed for this
Yes No
beneficiary?
5. Is this an amended petition that does not contain any request for extensions of stay? Yes No
6. Are you filing this petition to correct a USCIS error? Yes No
7. Is the petitioner a primary or secondary education institution? Yes No
8. Is the petitioner a nonprofit entity that engages in an established curriculum-related clinical training of
Yes No
students registered at such an institution?
If you answered yes to any of the questions above, you are not required to submit the ACWIA fee for your H-1B Form I-129 petition.
If you answered no to all questions, answer Item Number 9. below.
9. Do you currently employ a total of 25 or fewer full-time equivalent employees in the United States,
Yes No
including all affiliates or subsidiaries of this company/organization?
If you answered yes, to Item Number 9. above, you are required to pay an additional ACWIA fee of $750. If you answered no, then
you are required to pay an additional ACWIA fee of $1,500.
NOTE: A petitioner seeking initial approval of H-1B nonimmigrant status for a beneficiary, or seeking approval to employ an H-1B
nonimmigrant currently working for another employer, must submit an additional $500 Fraud Prevention and Detection fee. An
additional fee of $4,000 must be submitted if you responded yes to Item Numbers 1.d. and 1.d.1. of Section 1. of this supplement.
This $4,000 fee was mandated by the provisions of Public Law 114-113.
The Fraud Prevention and Detection Fee and Public Law 114-113 fee do not apply to H-1B1 petitions. These fees, when applicable,
may not be waived. You must include payment of the fees when you submit this form. Failure to submit the fees when required will
result in rejection or denial of your submission. Each of these fees should be paid by separate checks or money orders.
Section 3. Numerical Limitation Information
1. Specify the type of H-1B petition you are filing. (select only one box):
a. Cap H-1B Bachelor's Degree c. Cap H-1B1 Chile/Singapore
b. Cap H-1B U.S. Master's Degree or Higher d. Cap Exempt
2. If you answered Item Number 1.b. "CAP H-1B U.S. Master's Degree or Higher," provide the following information
regarding the master's or higher degree the beneficiary has earned from a U.S. institution as defined in 20 U.S.C. 1001(a):
a. Name of the United States Institution of Higher Education
b. Date Degree Awarded c. Type of United States Degree
d. Address of the United States institution of higher education
Street Number and Name Apt.Ste. Flr. Number
City or Town State ZIP Code
Form I-129 Edition 01/17/25 Page 22 of 38