Section 2. Complete This Section If Filing for H-2A or H-2B Classification (continued)
Name of Recruiter, Agent, or Facilitator
Family Name (Last Name) Given Name (First Name) Middle Name
Name of Recruiting Organization or Similar Employment Service (if applicable)
Address of Agent, Facilitator, Recruiter, or Similar Employment Service
Street Number and Name Apt.Ste. Flr. Number
City or Town State ZIP Code
Prohibited H-2A and H-2B Fees
For Item Numbers 8. - 13., the fees in question include any job placement fee, fee or penalty for breach of contract, or other fee,
penalty, or compensation (either direct or indirect), related to the H-2A/H-2B employment. Such prohibited fees may include, but are
not limited to withholdings or deductions from a worker's wages. Your responses to these items pertain to anyone associated with the
employment or recruitment, including any joint employers. Your responses to these items also pertain to any person or entity to
whom you can be considered a successor in interest.
NOTE: It is not prohibited for petitioners (including their employees), employers or any joint employers, agents, attorneys,
facilitators, recruiters, or similar employment services from receiving reimbursement from the beneficiary for costs that are the
responsibility and primarily for the benefit of the worker, such as government-required passport fees. Furthermore, it is not prohibited
for an employer to provide reimbursement for fees or expenses incurred by the worker, where such reimbursement is specifically
permitted by, and made in compliance with, statute or regulations.
8. Did any of the H-2A/H-2B workers that you are requesting pay you or your employee(s), or any employer
Yes No
or joint employer, agent, attorney, facilitator, recruiter, or similar employment service, a prohibited fee
related to the employment, or do they have an agreement to pay you such fee at a later date?
9. If you answered “Yes” to Item Number 8., list the types and amounts of fees that the worker(s) paid or will pay.
10. If you answered “Yes” to Item Number 8., were the workers, or their designee (as appropriate), Yes No
reimbursed for any fee paid and was any agreement to pay a fee terminated?
If you answered “Yes” to Item Number 10., submit evidence of full reimbursement of each affected beneficiary, or their
designee (as appropriate), and evidence that any agreement has been terminated.
11. If you answered “Yes” to Item Number 8., are you requesting an exception to the mandatory denial Yes No
or revocation for prohibited fees (see form Instructions for information about exceptions)?
If you answered “Yes” to Item Number 11., submit evidence supporting your request for an exception, as described in the form Instructions.
12. Within the last four years, have you ever had an H-2A or H-2B petition denied or revoked because an
Yes No
employee paid or agreed to pay a fee related to the employment or have you withdrawn an H-2A or H-2B
petition after USCIS issued a notice of intent to deny or revoke on such basis?
If you answered “Yes” to Item Number 12., submit a copy of the USCIS notice(s) of denial, revocation, or acknowledgment of
your withdrawal.
13. If you answered “Yes” to Item Number 12., were the workers, or their designees (as appropriate),
Yes No
reimbursed for any fees paid and was any agreement to pay a fee terminated?
If you answered “Yes” to Item Number 13., submit evidence of full reimbursement of each affected beneficiary, or their
designees (as appropriate), and evidence that any agreement has been terminated.
Form I-129 Edition 01/17/25 Page 16 of 38