Part 1. Petitioner Information (continued)
7. Individual IRS Tax Number 8. U.S. Social Security Number (if any)
► ►
Part 2. Information About This Petition
1. Requested Nonimmigrant Classification (Write classification symbol):
2. Basis for Classification (select only one box):
a. New employment.
b. Continuation of previously approved employment without change with the same employer.
c. Change in previously approved employment.
d. New concurrent employment.
e. Change of employer.
f. Amended petition.
3. Provide the most recent petition/application receipt number for the
►
beneficiary. If none exists, indicate "None."
4. Requested Action (select only one box):
a. Notify the office in Part 4. so each beneficiary can obtain a visa or be admitted. (NOTE: A petition is not required for
E-1, E-2, E-3, H-1B1 Chile/Singapore, or TN visa beneficiaries.)
b. Change the status and extend the stay of each beneficiary because the beneficiary(ies) is/are now in the United States in
another status (see instructions for limitations). This is available only when you check "New Employment" in Item
Number 2., above.
c. Extend the stay of each beneficiary because the beneficiary(ies) now hold(s) this status.
d. Amend the stay of each beneficiary because the beneficiary(ies) now hold(s) this status and is/are not seeking
additional time from their current authorized period of stay.
e. Extend the status of a nonimmigrant classification based on a free trade agreement. (See Trade Agreement Supplement
to Form I-129 for TN and H-1B1.)
f. Change status to a nonimmigrant classification based on a free trade agreement. (See Trade Agreement Supplement to
Form I-129 for TN and H-1B1.)
5. Total number of workers included in this petition. (See instructions relating to
►
when more than one worker can be included.)
Part 3. Beneficiary Information (Information about the beneficiary/beneficiaries you are filing for. Complete the
blocks below. Use the Attachment-1 sheet to name each beneficiary included in this petition.)
1. Type of Beneficiaries Requested (select only one box) Named Unnamed (for H-2A or H-2B petitions only)
2. If an Entertainment Group, Provide the Group Name
3. Provide Name of Beneficiary
Family Name (Last Name) Given Name (First Name) Middle Name
Form I-129 Edition 01/17/25 Page 2 of 38