Part 5. Basic Information About the Proposed Employment and Employer (continued)
12. Type of Business 13. Year Established
14. Current Number of Employees in the United States
15. Do you currently employ a total of 25 or fewer full-time equivalent employees in the United States, Yes No
including all affiliates or subsidiaries of this company/organization?
16. Gross Annual Income
17. Net Annual Income
Part 6. Certification Regarding the Release of Controlled Technology or Technical Data to Foreign
Persons in the United States
(This section of the form is required only for H-1B, H-1B1 Chile/Singapore, L-1, and O-1A petitions. It is not required for any other
classifications. Please review the Form I-129 General Filing Instructions before completing this section.)
Select Item Number 1. or Item Number 2. as appropriate. DO NOT select both boxes.
With respect to the technology or technical data the petitioner will release or otherwise provide access to the beneficiary, the petitioner
certifies that it has reviewed the Export Administration Regulations (EAR) and the International Traffic in Arms Regulations (ITAR)
and has determined that:
1. A license is not required from either the U.S. Department of Commerce or the U.S. Department of State to release such
technology or technical data to the foreign person; or
2. A license is required from the U.S. Department of Commerce and/or the U.S. Department of State to release such
technology or technical data to the beneficiary and the petitioner will prevent access to the controlled technology or
technical data by the beneficiary until and unless the petitioner has received the required license or other authorization to
release it to the beneficiary.
Part 7. Declaration, Signature, and Contact Information of Petitioner or Authorized Signatory (Read
the information on penalties in the instructions before completing this section.)
Copies of any documents submitted are exact photocopies of unaltered, original documents, and I understand that, as the petitioner, I
may be required to submit original documents to U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services (USCIS) at a later date.
I authorize the release of any information from my records, or from the petitioning organization's records that USCIS needs to
determine eligibility for the immigration benefit sought. I recognize the authority of USCIS to conduct audits of this petition using
publicly available open source information. I also recognize that any supporting evidence submitted in support of this petition may be
verified by USCIS through any means determined appropriate by USCIS, including but not limited to, on-site compliance reviews.
If filing this petition on behalf of an organization, I certify that I am authorized to do so by the organization.
I certify, under penalty of perjury, that I have reviewed this petition and that all of the information contained in the petition, including
all responses to specific questions, and in the supporting documents, is complete, true, and correct.
1. Name and Title of Authorized Signatory
Family Name (Last Name) Given Name (First Name)
Title
Form I-129 Edition 01/17/25 Page 6 of 38