Section 1. Complete This Section If You Are Filing For An R-1 Religious Worker (continued)
5.e. List of the address(es) or location(s) where the beneficiary will be working.
Petitioner Attestations
Does the petitioner attest to all of the requirements described in Item Numbers 6. - 12. below?
6. The petitioner is a bona fide non-profit religious organization or a bona fide organization that is affiliated with the religious
denomination and is tax-exempt as described in section 501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, subsequent
amendment, or equivalent sections of prior enactments of the Internal Revenue Code. If the petitioner is affiliated with the
religious denomination, complete the Religious Denomination Certification included in this supplement.
Yes No. If no, type or print your explanation below and if needed, go to Part 9. of Form I-129.
7. The petitioner is willing and able to provide salaried or non-salaried compensation to the beneficiary. If the beneficiary will be
self-supporting, the petitioner must submit documentation establishing that the position the beneficiary will hold is part of an
established program for temporary, uncompensated missionary work, which is part of a broader international program of
missionary work sponsored by the denomination.
Yes No. If no, type or print your explanation below and if needed, go to Part 9. of Form I-129.
8. If the beneficiary worked in the United States in an R-1 status during the 2 years immediately before the petition was filed, the
beneficiary received verifiable salaried or non-salaried compensation, or provided uncompensated self-support.
Yes No. If no, type or print your explanation below and if needed, go to Part 9. of Form I-129.
9. If the position is not a religious vocation, the beneficiary will not engage in secular employment, and the petitioner will provide
salaried or non-salaried compensation. If the position is a traditionally uncompensated and not a religious vocation, the
beneficiary will not engage in secular employment, and the beneficiary will provide self-support.
Yes No. If no, type or print your explanation below and if needed, go to Part 9. of Form I-129.
Form I-129 Edition 01/17/25 Page 34 of 38