Part 4. Processing Information (continued)
d. Beneficiary's Foreign Address
Street Number and Name Apt.Ste.Flr. Number
City or Town State
Province Postal Code Country
2. Does each person in this petition have a valid passport? Yes No. If no, go to Part 9. and type or print your
explanation.
3. Are you filing any other petitions with this one?
Yes. If yes, how many? ► No
4. Are you filing any applications for replacement/initial I-94, Arrival-Departure Records with this petition? Note that if the
beneficiary was issued an electronic Form I-94 by CBP when he/she was admitted to the United States at an air or sea port, he/
she may be able to obtain the Form I-94 from the CBP Website at www.cbp.gov/i94 instead of filing an application for a
replacement/initial I-94.
Yes. If yes, how many? ► No
5. Are you filing any applications for dependents with this petition?
Yes. If yes, how many? ► No
6. Is any beneficiary in this petition in removal proceedings?
Yes. If yes, proceed to Part 9. and list the beneficiary's(ies) name(s). No
7. Have you ever filed an immigrant petition for any beneficiary in this petition?
Yes. If yes, how many? ► No
8. Did you indicate you were filing a new petition in Part 2.?
Yes. If yes, answer the questions below. No. If no, proceed to Item Number 9.
a. Has any beneficiary in this petition ever been given the classification you are now requesting within the last seven years?
Yes. If yes, proceed to Part 9. and type or print your explanation. No
b. Has any beneficiary in this petition ever been denied the classification you are now requesting within the last seven years?
Yes. If yes, proceed to Part 9. and type or print your explanation. No
9. Have you ever previously filed a nonimmigrant petition for this beneficiary?
Yes. If yes, proceed to Part 9. and type or print your explanation. No
10. If you are filing for an entertainment group, has any beneficiary in this petition not been with the group for at least one year?
Yes. If yes, proceed to Part 9. and type or print your explanation. No
11.a. Has any beneficiary in this petition ever been a J-1 exchange visitor or J-2 dependent of a J-1 exchange visitor?
Yes. If yes, proceed to Item Number 11.b. No
11.b. If you checked yes in Item Number 11.a., provide the dates the beneficiary maintained status as a J-1 exchange visitor or J-2
dependent. Also, provide evidence of this status by attaching a copy of either a DS-2019, Certificate of Eligibility for Exchange
Visitor (J-1) Status, a Form IAP-66, or a copy of the passport that includes the J visa stamp.
Form I-129 Edition 01/17/25 Page 4 of 38